Add tutor for ECS EC2 instance metrics (#118)
aws-otel/aws-otel.github.io: src/docs/setup/ecs/create-task-definition-instance-console.mdx

---

> title: 'Install AWS OTel Collector By Creating Task Definition Through AWS Console for ECS EC2 instance metrics '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Install AWS OTel Collector by creating Task Definition through AWS console for ECS EC2 instance metrics '
```

import task22 from "assets/img/docs/setup/ecs/create-task-definition/taskdefinition22.png"
import task23 from "assets/img/docs/setup/ecs/create-task-definition/taskdefinition23.png"
import task24 from "assets/img/docs/setup/ecs/create-task-definition/taskdefinition24.png"
import task25 from "assets/img/docs/setup/ecs/create-task-definition/instance02.png"
import task26 from "assets/img/docs/setup/ecs/create-task-definition/instance03.png"
import task27 from "assets/img/docs/setup/ecs/create-task-definition/instance04.png"

In this tutorial, we will demonstrate how to install AWS OTel Collector using Task Definition on the Amazon Elastic
Container Service (Amazon ECS) through AWS console.

<SectionSeparator />

1. Go to AWS Management Console and select Elastic Container Service. From the left side navigation,
select <Link to="https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/ecs/home?/taskDefinitions#/taskDefinitions">Task Definitions</Link>
and click the Create new Task Definition button.

2. Select the EC2 as the Launch type and move forward.

<img src={task_01} alt="Diagram" style="margin: 30px 0;" />

> 3. Put a task-definition name (i.e.aws-otel). And select the role you create in pre section from Taskrole drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Put a task-definition name (i.e.aws-otel) and select the role you created in the previous section from Taskrole drop-down menu.
```
